This is a head-gum original.
music
raise
writing on the forearm twins
snap
we got
nothing
you brought up a tattoo
what is it saying
it's a
it's a jerry Garcia reference
nobody goes to shit
i'm curious
it's a son souci
it's a model after a wood sign that was above his house instance in beach
well he recorded
what do you say
his house
it ended up being a wood sign over his house stairs
and uh
he sort of recorded bluegrass tracks there
i love the music i love the vibe
and so i put it on my thigh
you just said for our words twins
right
but what if someone's not watching the youtube video
now they think i have a thigh tattoo
which i think is hot
well they think we have matching
thigh tattoos
yeah
which are both visible
sure skies out thighs out
let's have yams with our games today
let's get the energy up
the sign was over his house
stairs
and it's on my arm
and i think that's fine
yes
and who cares
we have a lot
he's um
he started the grateful dead
oh yeah okay
I
only know him from the ice cream
the Ben and Jerry's
yeah cherry Garcia
jaffery about that
yeah i've had it
and
hand it's pretty good
i like cherry vanilla ice cream on the day
add a little bit of fudge
ripples in there i think
and i'm
tripling quadrupling down on ripple
you bitch
sorry
fuck you guys
here we go
we've got a shit ton to get to today
let's start it off with every
what's that?
oh really?
yes
oh really
is that
sorry is that OH space R-E-A-L-L-Y
or is that O-R-L-Y all caps?
um
the first one
the shit is
played out
so let's get this over with
i'm gonna go
what's that?
didn't say anything
pop fake
you bit
let's go
i understood that reference
okay
me
yeah
oh
draw the contact
still get it off
um
let's go
victor wimbing yama
and i think it'd be good to have like a seven foot bond
with the handles
with the candles
i mean he's spedding
because victor at this point i mean he's like
he's making the money that he could walk into the lalo
and just get that
that bucket candle that's on tall 26
and a hash
french bond
yeah
that's kind of interesting
what if like it was all in Paris
instead of MI6
it's like MIA
because you don't know where they are
that's cool
victor wimbing yama
scoot Henderson for me
and uh
i'll go Daniel Craig
haha
here we go
we we do have a lot to get to
but i'm trying to make sure you guys feel like you're getting words in edge-wise
because everybody cut and complains about that on the show
what do you guys want to talk about and then we'll get to the good stuff
um
i'm on my iPad
and it's doing this weird video thing
where it's like zooming in a lot closer than usual
but it's okay
by the way you own the notes
i'm sorry to do like
housekeeping stuff from headgun
normal stuff but you get you and jaco me notes on uh
the jaken mirror that's coming out tomorrow
i thought i watched it instead it was good
oh it's done
you just said it was good it can be good with notes
it can be good but there's like
it's got two frames off of before you say iPad
because you say iPad in this catch
which is what made me think of that
grace cut that out
how much money are you worth?
have any of rushes?
be your grace
uh you
grace do you have any assets?
i'm probably not right
no
you don't have a house
i'm currently in my new flat
nice
you just moved this week
uh
yeah
been a slow process this past week
i mean
that counts i just moved to this menu apartment
nice
yeah
is that your front building?
well like an iron giant
12 foot ceilings
12 foot ceilings because i live in a loft now
imagine going from a canyon to a lot
can i ever get a thought out without you saying like oh that's cool
that's awesome
good for you
that's the same
yeah
just forget it
i live in a loft
right
i mean
also we should say that this laptop is
teeter brewing on the edge
of New Jersey
yeah
no it is on a window sill
and if i make one wrong move it's
flying out the window eight stories down
exposed you're on the eighth floor
exposed brick and you see that
you're on the eighth floor
not eighth but i'm trying to make sure people don't know where i live
that's cool
is i your whole is like a whole studio or is there another room
can i can we just can we slow things down for a second
it's going to tour
um it's all one room this is the
the room there is a kitchen over there
i need to paint that wall because i don't like the green
that's it
yeah it's sort of like downtown loft
vibes
yeah but don't say where i live
especially downtown because people could go and they could just figure out which building it is
nobody would care to see you you can literally say your address in the title of this episode
and it wouldn't affect anything
fine
the title of this episode will be my old it will be my old address because George still lives there
okay
yeah
I think we end up talking about you when we were talking about a
miss
net worth
i'm put out
it
what?
i'm put out
by you guys today
you're not bringing a lot
i'm tired
i'm excited
i'm ready to do this if you guys are
what it requires
it's the three of us
getting on the same page
the three of us wanting to put together
good episode
because here's the thing
the last week's episode was one of the best we've ever done
i would say it's one of my favorite
which was us the top three
no
that's the jump
it was undeniable
yeah it was pretty great
this week there's no way it's going to be better
right
so was the one before that us three
the one before that was us three
and people wanted more
more grace
that's no
um
continue
oh oh oh
ozempe
how much money do you have in the bank right now?
can you pull up your bank of America
i assume it's bank of
you're not a bank of America because that's the closest physical branch to your house
move on
dot or
is it $400,000 do you think?
it's probably a little bit less than that
start to say
just in the bank
what your balance says
400 grand
at the very least
i'd love to get a numbers crunch on what interest rate you locked in your mortgage at
did you refinance in 2020
at 3%
um
no i didn't refinance
you didn't refinance when
mortgage lending rates were under 3%
for like a month
hmm
because that was already under two
oh
everybody
get into it
get stole
yeah
i actually am kind of
underwater
a lot of investments
um
that were made
in an illidivized fashion
you talk about
interest rates
i am paying
sorry
it was on a variable
this just in
you know
how there's that NBA play
or midseason tournament
yeah
i wanted to announce
the year at the 12th minute
that as that's happening
late November, early December
there's going to be a mid year
headgum podcast
turny
meaning
what do you mean meaning
it's a mid journey turning
like the AI
no
it's going to be people
at the network
competing for joy
and wisdom
does that make sense
so instead of east versus west
it's the wise versus joy
and the winner gets cash
no one's even a little excited
you could both walk on with five
hundred bucks
why would i be invited
because you were
not a headgum employee
no it's not
oh my god
it's like that was on call
for
it's factual
no
was
absolutely
you don't want to be part of the
turny that's fine
but the fact of the matter is that
there is no tournament without me
because i just came up with it a couple
minutes ago
okay do you think yourself is
joy or wisdom
i'm probably i probably have a
buy in
wise
i think i'm the number one seed in
number one seed in
or wisdom
you're the youngest
i know but it's
the least amount of wisdom
no because ages but a number
and like
Peter doesn't have wisdom to
spend some sort of say
like when was the last time you got advice
from fucking
Brad
over the weekend
really
yeah
good spots to go climbing
and things to eat
on the Pacific Northwest
because he knows yeah
that's kind of cool
maybe he's the second seed
he might be the second seed
he's definitely higher than you
who do you guys think is the number one seed for joy
though at the network
it can't be
happy as person
yeah
Alex Bergman
me
it's definitely not
it's William Conover
yeah
he smiles a lot
grace
no phones at the dinner table
type of vibe
right that's always what the show has been
i
have a bunch of stuff to do on here
but you don't see me tap it away
right
so let's keep
let's keep focused
did you say you had to drive like
40 miles later
that's true
yeah
I'm going to thousand oaks
to buy a thousand oaks
have you ever been a thousand oaks
you don't want to chuckle with that
I already heard you say that joke
did you say paths
you me
what
okay great
can you say can you just right now
just right now wild line
can you say paths
so that when I ask you if you said pass
the audience doesn't think I'm fucking insane
well they are because I'm going to boost me saying
ha
yeah
hang on
I've never done this
I have to phone a friend
what
I have to call Maria good and save this fucking episode
how
what do you mean how
how was your hauling her going to save this episode
really
we're not on phones
ha ha ha ha
got you again
nothing for Maria
this is it oh here we go
we're doing the headgun podcast right now
and things are not going well
just wanted to know if you could save the episode
like now
yeah
a sap would be good a sap
what do you need to do
this is good so far people like seeing your smile
whenever I see brown leaves smiling face
I have to smile myself
because I love brown
we're floundering
what
make us brothers that don't know what else to do
I also don't know what else to do
what are you doing next week
I'm around
I'll be there on Wednesday
Thursday
do you want to commit to
um
I'll call her back
you're right
unbelievable
let me just see if she responds
if he answers
sorry
I don't know what happened
what's under a bridge or something
yeah
under a bridge
can I see outside your window
you see that
this is laughing
laughing at the view
I live under a fucking overpass
what do you have it to say
um
no there's a very funny billboard outside my right
outside my window
is it lemon dad
is this here did you move
finally
yeah I finally moved
this is an interesting
anybody
no I agree
um
what's up
I said okay
okay
how are you
I'm good thank you how are you
she says
honestly I can't hear anyone
she says she's good how are you
I'm doing okay
I'm here
it's like a lot of it banks on him
and sometimes he brings it sometimes he doesn't
it's things
I don't think you need to rely on him
as much in that way
I think it's kind of like his presence
does enough
yeah I just get anxious you know
because I see like he looks pissed
and then I'm like oh shit
what did I do wrong
and it's like it's not about me
it's all about him
does that make sense?
I guess
you guess or it is true
you guess?
yeah
you're talking to my therapist
yes
what is true
that gave me my ability today
being named Toastel
I saw that
yeah that was pretty bad Toastel
I'm here
says rare Toastel
rare Toastel
we'll take a break we'll be right back
thanks Mariga
yeah
bye
and we're back
breaking news actually
do you guys hear?
you guys hear about this?
do you hear about the Jonah Hill shit?
the controversy?
yes
I mean
this guy is all over the map
man
it's like focus
it's like he was right there
you know
he was almost good
and then he wasn't
what did he do?
almost good with how
with hash
with movies
with relationships
he was almost there
oh
like Jebilee Beating
regardless
like a cool dude
no one was a problem with
exactly
yeah this was an odd choice for him
this was bizarre
he's so insecure
did you guys read the text?
yeah
yeah he wanted his girlfriend to take down
pictures of her surfing
even though she's a professional surfer
something
so he dates a professional surfer
and then this is a text
that she
he sent her on December 20
sorry
December 2, 2021
this is apropos of nothing
because there's that little
time stamp right before
so they weren't talking already
he says plain
he says plain and simple
if you need
you need
surfing with men
boundaryless
inappropriate
friendships with men
to model
to post pictures
of yourself
in a bathing suit
to post sexual pictures
friendships
this is my favorite one
friendships with women
who are in unstable
places and from your
wild recent past
beyond getting
lunch or coffee
slash something
respectful
I am not the partner for you
if these things
bring you to a place of happiness
I support it
and there will be no
hard feelings
these are my boundaries
for romantic partnerships
my boundaries with you
based on the ways
these actions have hurt
our trust
what is the
hanging out with women
in wild situations
what's that one
oh he's just saying
if she needs friendships
with women who are in unstable
places and from your
wild recent past
beyond getting a lunch or
coffee or something respectful
then he's not the right partner
for you
so if she wanted to get a dinner
with a lady friend
he's like I'm out
that's a bridge too far
for me to handle right now
it depends
where the dinner
that's a no go
no it doesn't depend
it's
if it's pet like
when do you guys eat lunch
for
no it's wally
really
I have an
lunch yet
your
bizarre
an empty
habit so
you're not the
litmus test of what's
average
do you think it's better to
be bizarre in habit
or in fashion
fashion
okay
that was my phone ringing
it's my buddy
I didn't
do you want to go around
and we can all list our own
boundaries
yeah what would be that's a really
good idea but I just so
these aren't good to have
that's what I was trying to figure out
why was the internet
freaking out because I'd love
to not date somebody
who sorry let me look
back to it
I don't want to date somebody
who
uh
models
okay
really
yeah
well what's modeling
you know like okay here's
the two things that we need to nail
down
when is lunch
you're saying it's before
or after
I would say before
three
okay so
no meals after
three
with friends or not
I would say
I think that's a good start
what do you mean why
why is that bad at all
if she has a
hash after three
let alone after four
I'd rather you cheat
on my ass
then the cheat
on me with hash
because that means by the way
that she's not eating with me
and that's cheating
almost
second thing we need to figure out
is what is modeling
because you can get paid to do it
and that's a job
or
you could like take a photo
of yourself or with others
and post it
and that's almost cheating
and hash
yeah
every time
I'm on this show
I'm modeling
right
behavior
you should actually
delete your Instagram photos
like we should be mad
you I think
yeah
yeah a lot of them are kind of
off-putting in a way
off-color off-kilter
yeah
off-base
left center
one of them is
I think just me playing
left right center
it's just a video
Chris
what's up
what are your boundaries
oh
uh
pass
I don't think
this show has ever found
it's stride
there have been one off
full episodes
140 at this point
right
yeah
and it
it still hasn't
found it stride
slash pudding
I just see who's fault
you think
I don't care
really
coming
denominator
there
honestly
marica
no
because this episode isn't going
super well
and she was on it
yeah
you dragged her in and hung her up
I think what we need to do
is figure out
our boundaries
personally and with the show
Grace what is
oh
if you
sorry let me get there
exactly
what are your boundaries
with your partners
based on the way
actions have hurt
your trust
in others
for me
it's you cannot model
which is any photo of you
cannot happen
that's not okay with me
even like
simple as
on camera on a zoom that
is not recorded
is going to be a no go for daddy
okay
Eden
what's that
I didn't want to interrupt
I know you have a
you're kind of a stickler for that
I would like
to set a boundary right now
okay
I do think
the camera is too close to a
maze
face
I don't even know
faces the right word for it today
I feel like it's
a surprise
and it's
it's this iPad
of
my computer
sort of acting
the fool
so I thought I'd go
iPad
it's doing like this
I don't even know
this feature is called
it's like
sort of like
tracking my face
left
right
we should have
Alex Bergman on the show
and do a segment
called
Berking a fool
and it's basically like
her observation
and then off that week at the office.
Burkding a fool.
It's like shakting a fool.
Kind of.
And so it's Alex being like,
Jovelle McGee.
We don't really make fun of Jovelle any more,
sort of prove himself.
What about me and Grace, basketball trivia
because we're both sort of hoops heads.
Okay, right?
And then maybe instead of that,
we dive into 36 hours and wall saw.
Right, so like I'm pitching you kind of fun little ideas
and like when Marieka's on things are going well
and you hand up and cut to a commercial,
then like I pitch you something.
It's just thing you say, actually let's do the opposite.
You're sort of a burst any natural joy
that could accidentally happen out of this thing.
I know what goes growing out of concrete
and you're just plucking it over and over.
I'm offering you some insight.
And I'm putting it in a bottle with some water
putting it on a desk.
Yes, that's good stuff.
Grace, I don't think I have you on Instagram.
What's your Instagram?
We were just texting.
Where did the trolls bolt-cleat we had to take?
I got it, I got it.
Okay.
So as we know, the last time you were on,
we were talking about the best fish and chips
and wall saw, right?
Did you nail down where they are?
No, but I can verify that I gave a bad answer.
Okay.
Aval well, it's not the one.
And I was recently in Traverse City
and I was wondering if it maybe could give wall saw
or run for its money
because there was a recently shuttered storefront
called Scalawags, white fish and chips
and on the sign they have a website
which is helpful because you're already at the store.
What's wall saw is answered as Scalawags
in Traverse City, Michigan.
Uh...
The equivalence.
Sometimes this show makes me want to...
shift back to like, I don't know, find the answer something.
Let's keep going.
Never, never, never find it.
Never find it.
I, well, I had a savings once.
Yeah, that's unrelated.
Was working at Carpool, karaoke and getting overpaid.
So I had like a savings account.
And it took you all once.
Yeah, that was a while ago.
You peaked at age 20.
That's really fucking sad.
I know, and it's hard to like reconcile with.
Also 26.
It's hard to like, hard to stomach slash fathom, right?
I know.
And I feel like the only method that could make it all late 20s yet.
Yeah.
And it feels like the best is behind.
Like that's such a weird timeline to be on.
You peaked so fast and young that it's weird to be like,
thinking about new step slash directions in your life.
And are you still 25?
Yeah, I'm not like, how does that happen, man?
And you can't even like pinpoint it.
You can't feel like this one thing went wrong.
It's not like you had a rock bottom.
It's just been a slow kind of fucking set.
Oh, yeah.
Because we were talking about very briefly about Chef Kevin
last time I was on.
And you were saying that he owns a house now.
He has a house, yeah.
And in many ways, you are kind of work kind of the Chef Kevin
to exactly.
Jake and Amiz, Hollywood Hamburg, as it were.
My theory is, well, do you feel like you bet on the wrong horse?
Because Kevin has a house.
You don't even have a job.
So Amiz saying you can't pinpoint the moment
where everything went wrong.
But I think there's a pretty clear indicator that that's
a sliding door moment, yeah.
Yeah.
So you think I should've hitched my wagon to Hazen Sean?
Just from evidence we have.
Yeah.
It could have been.
Well, we don't know if Kevin should too.
Yeah, because it might be like, how I spend my money and how
he spend his money or didn't.
And then he's also, I think, married.
So he has like a dual income.
And I'm alone in thin and goal.
You move a lot.
I move a lot because everybody costs me an hour.
Yeah, it's hard because I got movers and there was like $600.
And then like, that's a lot of money.
That's basically if you parse it out, that's $50 a month.
I could've spent on extra rent.
And then you have some new furniture.
What's that?
So it is very sweet that you're willing to blame yourself and not
I did just give you a an out to blame a man, but you.
Oh, I don't think ultimately it's my fault.
I'm just trying to like, because it's better to take back your
agency and be like, oh, what can I change?
If I blame it all on a mirror, I can't change anything.
But there's always travel.
Good travel.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, have a good break down at TSA.
Shilas.
I could've been Kevin.
And let's spend 36 minutes in Walsaw, England.
Kertis, he has six minutes.
She, Grace sent me this Instagram story of how to spend 36 minutes in
Walsaw.
Our tour begins says Harper.
That's a great first name.
Why isn't your first name Harper?
And your last name like, I don't know.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, please suggest your last name for me.
Oh, like Hansen.
You're my name to be Harper Hansen.
I think you would've been an erotic novelist.
I really do.
Okay.
Our tour begins upon your arrival at Walsaw Busters.
Go on.
They built it in the year 2000.
Wait.
And my class took a trip to visit it and had to ask people on the street what they thought
about it.
It was a geography project.
We took a public bus and all had to bring bus fare from home.
On this trip, we also visited a new roundabout, which was a six foot diameter
lightly domed circle at the center of a junction.
Who wrote this?
Grace.
Got it.
On the way back from the school trip, we got on a different bus that took us to the back
of school.
But the gate was locked.
So we all crawled through a known hole in the fence, including our teacher.
Two people have died due to this Busters.
So that's the first minute in Walsaw.
The second one is five more.
The second one is this piece of art with no title or artist attributed to it.
I don't think it's that bad, but yeah.
Walsaw High Street.
Here we see the lower end of Walsaw High Street.
When I was a teenager, the market, just so you guys can all see.
A minute three of 36 that you're reading.
I don't know how many minutes.
Another hour to get through this.
You're spending two to five minutes for every second.
All right.
Well, this one is just for anybody who has swag apparently.
So.
I didn't think that's the point.
It's for you specifically.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Have swag.
Oh, poundland.
Is that a.
What is that?
It's a brothel.
It is.
I thought it was a brothel. Yeah.
Do you think that brothels and Bethel?
Bethel?
That could be cool.
So what if it was like a.
What if it was a brothel called ham in Bethel?
Ham.
What if it was a bone brothel?
Just as a disaster.
Oh, the new art gallery of Walsal.
There's a warf.
Yeah.
Episode ends right there.
There's a warf.
Gray said in France the geese say Hong Kong.
I don't know if that joke landed.
I just want to rewind 20 minutes.
We got to go.
We got a lot to get through today.
Now it's.
We've done nothing.
And you're just reading an instrument.
We were supposed to say.
We were supposed to dissect the Jonah Hill Contravers.
We did that.
We did it.
We said he was a bad guy and could have been good.
We said he was insecure.
Good.
Everybody would have been a good guy.
You're shitting yourself if you didn't think.
Oh, that guy could be a good guy.
By the way, can be a good guy.
You have you have famous people in your phone number.
You know what bothers me about famous people.
At least the famous people I know.
They don't bother with like texting normal.
All of these texts from Jonah have like weird punctuation periods where they don't need to be.
Capital letters.
Heather, then they're there.
I'm like, just because your famous doesn't mean you can't like format this so that it doesn't look like you're having a panic attack.
You don't find that to be true.
Rosemick, I ver Ben Schwartz.
Fucking normal.
They text normal.
Really.
You T.K.
What about him?
Pretty normal.
Yeah.
You're still on mayors close friend story, right?
Does he ever punctuate normal?
John mayor.
Yeah.
He's normal.
So it's maybe just Jonah Hill.
It's.
Finn.
We'll text weird.
He just doesn't capitalize things sometimes.
Although.
No.
Well, I'm just texting.
It's been fine.
Wait, what was the last thing you just said, Grace?
I wanted it.
What's on the wall behind the mayor?
Like a.
Bloodspot.
Well, I can't show you.
I have to move my head and then have it.
Follow me there.
Wait, did you finally get rid of that?
Oh.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
It's the right.
Cool.
What is.
What is this app?
Is this for like camp girling?
I think it's my iPad like built in.
Maybe it's Zoom.
That's like doing motion.
Or the week.
Can't believe it took 38 minutes.
Oh, what?
iPad.
I definitely said that.
It's one of the first things I've said.
Oh.
Grace, let's talk about dating and wall saw.
Okay.
Has the dating.
I told him.
Just.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's going to be loud.
D-E-N-E-R-S or G-U-A-R-D-N-E-R-S.
The second one being someone who shows up to sort of protect the home.
Yeah.
The fort.
Grace, how's the dating pool and wall saw?
And surf fast.
And to be honest, I've been pretty busy.
Yeah.
I haven't made time for it.
And that's fine.
So no one sort of tickling your fancy or your fancying them.
What are the people saying, Britain, Linda?
They say fancy?
Oh, I fancy him.
Yeah.
But it's more, that's more, yeah.
Sure.
I guess.
Especially a uni.
Right.
Yeah.
That's like having a crush.
And what we're talking about here is what you're saying is true love.
Yeah.
I'm saying I'm not looking for that right now.
What do you want?
You want to just have fun?
You want to be alone forever.
This is a really bad zoom date, man.
You know what you want.
It's the not answer these questions from you.
Publicly.
I can believe anything you don't want shown.
I'm just trying to get to the crux of the episode.
We haven't had that moment where it's like, there it is.
You know what I mean?
I think the last week I think it was it.
So we should end it at 35.
Whenever you said that would be funny if you ended it right there.
Maybe we do that.
Now it's a little, that was a little early.
I was cutting it off a little earlier.
Yeah.
But then we can edit it quicker and get it done.
That's what we're talking about.
Think about freezing eggs.
Um, eggs aren't that expensive.
I feel like just keep getting them every week.
Eggs are pretty expensive.
Um, you mean freezing over eggs?
Yeah.
I'm I'm pro because I think a lot of people have to change their life when they're not ready.
But they know they want to have kids, but maybe not at 32.
So what if you could do it at 49?
What if you could do it at 80?
Let's freeze them eggs.
What?
Yeah.
Let's trim.
Eight year olds can.
What?
That's what you sound like sometimes.
When you hiccup specifically.
Gardener is a common.
It's going to be loud.
It's going to be real.
What you haven't done?
Just like generally blowing weed, whack and.
It's just slinging.
Loudness creating a dog to be loud.
Can I ask you how many times a week do your gardeners come?
Uh, it's every other week.
But there you go.
That's what they should do.
My old house.
We lived below the landlords and.
Every Thursday.
Guy with a leaf lower.
I'm like, there aren't enough.
The seasons don't change in the city.
You don't need someone to come in once a week.
You need them to come twice a month.
That most.
Grace, let's hear from you about freezing eggs.
Just look at the trees.
Haven't.
What else.
I think about.
You know, isn't it really expensive?
Yeah.
And that is the consideration too.
But maybe.
That probably isn't covered by insurance.
Let alone headgams insurance, which for the record is not good.
Can I invoice for this too?
I think so.
Oh, fun.
Also, are we doing double drive time for the headgum podcast going forward?
Where it's like everybody who does it gets paid twice.
For the hour because it's so hard for y'all for some reason.
I can't stress how close this gardener is to my.
My how he's six inches away from the wall and so my.
I feel like I've never been closer.
Can you tell what?
No, I don't.
I'm not.
No.
Jeff, what would you do on Patreon?
On Patreon for this show?
Yeah.
I would do like a mailbag.
I would do like a one on one 60 minute.
I'll think, you know, where I really take it to somebody's ass.
I would do live streams where people could ask me anything.
Maybe like.
So why don't you?
because I don't own the rights to the show, so to do that, we need Marty's approval.
And so far, the budget's not there, even though.
What do you do like a knockoff?
You're a chair now.
I forgot he had that sign.
A knockoff of this show just on Patreon.
I don't, I don't know how many people would subscribe to that.
And also, they would maybe be like, you can't do that.
That's the thing.
Headgun likes to act like it's so creator friendly, but it's only creator friendly when they
want to help the specific person.
You don't they mean, they don't particularly care about my ass.
They just don't want me to sue.
This is the age I just don't want me to sue.
That was a hit dumb original.